# OOPS1Project2
For this assignment you are asked to develop an application to manage a shopping cart, such as the usual ones found online. Design a shopping cart class in Python. Think of what attributes and methods you have to include in your class and why. Use a dictionary to implement at least one attribute. Design a customer class, with two sub classes, Loyal Customers and Bargain Hunters. Loyal Customers can buy exclusive products, while Bargain Hunters can buy any other products. Each class should have an __init__ and __str__ methods. For each __str__ method, think what information each class should provide when you print their instances. Include in one of your classes at least two methods available in Python to overload operators. Demonstrate the use of such operators with different instances of your class. Implement a command line menu with the following options: 1. Create a customer. 2. List products. 3. Add/remove a product to the shopping cart. 4. See current shopping cart. 5. Checkout. Option 1 has to be performed before listing or adding any products to the shopping cart. Once a customer is created he/she should be able to see the products available to him/her, and loop over the options to add/remove products and to see current products in the shopping cart. The checkout is available once at least one product is added to the shopping cart. To perform the checkout, confirm that the customer is happy with the current items in the cart and the amount due. If it is confirmed, print a thank you message and exit the program. Finally, provide a testing function “def test():” in the main scope, which performs all the required tasks of this system without using the command line interface. The only purpose of this function is to be used by me to evaluate if you have instantiated all the classes and tested the system accordingly.
